Thank you for watching. I have a question about deities. You mentioned in your amazing teaching
today about talking princes Amitabha, and you said how if we look to our mind, then there is
discriminating awareness, wisdom, Amitabha, but that doesn't mean that the actual living Amitabha
is not there too. They are individual Buddhas.
So I love that. That's easy for me to be with. But in the so-called West, many people really don't
believe there's these other Buddhas. It's just a common belief. So I was wondering how not
believing in them, how that will affect togal practice.
No, but the togal practice is really discovering our inherited Buddha. So I don't just really
affect too much. I believe that because this is really like Amitabha. We discover our Amitabha.
Togal practice is really discovering our inherited Amitabha. So I don't really affect too much.
Definitely. Yeah. I don't think so. Yeah.
I say that the living Buddha Amitabha is really living Buddha. Of course, believe it or not,
believe it. Those people who like to go to the next destination, next destination, if they like to
go in the pure land of Amitabha, if they don't believe, then they won't go there.
That's right. That is really my suggestion. Because in the Buddha teaching, generally, there are so
many pure lands that in the modern times, they discover also so many universes too. Before, maybe
people would think only this world.
And now this telescope and physics are discovering more universes, more galaxies. Even I heard that
. I mean, you all know better than me, me, but so many.
And so we don't believe, it doesn't mean that there's not existing. It's just only our belief. Our
belief is best with our understanding and knowledge. Our knowledge in the wisdom is very limited.
And so what the Grand Master Dharmakati said in the teaching, he said, "If you don't, if it didn't
me, if it didn't me, there is not, if you didn't see. If you didn't see, if it didn't me, there is
not existing."
So it's true. And there's so many things that we don't see in that. And also, now really, the
discovery, even other day, Lorraine read something or something, she said that one, one sent it,
she's talking now, now, of course, now everyone in modern science, they say the brain has all the
chemicals of the mind or whatever that.
But she read the other day, and this man is saying, "They're not just the only brain, they proved
that heart has some similar, similar chemicals or whatever that is, particles in the heart too,
what the brain has, has, because they proved, proved, I mean, brain stopped something and still
something is functioning because the heart really is mentioned."
And I thought that maybe now they're discovering it. In Buddhism, I believe in the teaching, so in
Buddhism, the principles place of the mind stay, place of the mind is really the heart, and then
brain is a kind of office, office.
So that's what the teaching says. So that, okay, thank you, everyone, thank you, thank you, thank
you, everyone. We'll give you a few minutes of meditation in that day to get the meds.